Note that we've filled the newsletter editor role (#1707)
writethedocs/www: docs/blog/newsletter-editor.rst

Our outgoing editor (Beth Aitman) has loved being on the team and would highly recommend it. It's a great opportunity to help a wide audience of documentarians, by sharing the knowledge from Slack in a more permanent form; it's also a fun way to practise or experiment with a different style of writing. The format isn't set in stone either - we welcome new ideas for how to make the newsletter even better.

> **Note: This position has been filled.** Thanks to everyone who applied. We're still excited to have you join our community though -- so feel free to reach out and we can help you find a way to contribute!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note: This position has been filled.** Thanks to everyone who applied. We're still excited to have you join our community though -- please reach out so we can help you find a way to contribute!
```
